Add --framework argument description (#32867)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/dotnet-new.md

  The name for the created output. If no name is specified, the name of the current directory is used.

- **`-f|--framework <FRAMEWORK>`**

>   Specifies the [target framework](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/standard/frameworks). It expects a target framework moniker (TFM). Examples: "net6.0", "net7.0-macos". This value will be reflected in the project file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Specifies the [target framework](../../standard/frameworks.md). It expects a target framework moniker (TFM). Examples: "net6.0", "net7.0-macos". This value will be reflected in the project file.
```
